We can use two pointers to solve this problem.
one to iterate the array and another one to point
the updated array.
It's new len so we can solve this problem in two steps.
In step one, place all the ones in the beginning
and track the new length. In step two,
we can replace all the elements from new length to
end with zero.
So this way, let us solve this problem
First we need to iterate the array and in each step,
check the current index value is one
If it is one, place the element in new len
index and increment new len
If the element is zero just move to the next element
Here the first element is one.
So we can place it in new len index zero and
increment new len.
Next we have element zero
So without doing anything, we can move to the next
element.
And here we have element one
So we need to place it in new len index
And currently new len is index one, so place this one
at array index 1. Now increment new len
Now in the end of this iteration, we will have
all the ones placed in the beginning and the updated
new length value after that from new length to end
we need to replace all the elements with zero and
the task is done.
So using this logic, you can try to solve this
problem.